https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/鐵血丹心.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/敘世 - 梨子簫.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/khuvximkoj.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Kev Hlub Txiav tsi tau.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/G.E.M.鄧紫棋-桃花諾.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/安兒陳-待你.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/滄海一粟 - 精衛.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/錦零 - 九張機.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/SING-許詩茵 - 煙雨行舟.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/周洋& 秋容 - 燕無歇.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/張璇 - 愛到老去.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/ភ្លៀងកុំធ្លាក់ខ្លាំងពេក - បាន មុន្នីល័ក្ខ.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/គេជាស្រី អូនជាប្រពន្ធ - បូទី - នាង គន្ធា.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Trương Tuyền.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Saka Trương Tuyền - Nửa Vầng Trăng.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/SaKa Trương Tuyền - 情逝朦朧.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Saka Trương Tuyền - 十指情緣.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/SaKa Trương Tuyền - 孝道.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/SaKa Trương Tuyền - 不滅的愛情.m4a
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/MỘNG PHÂN LY RUMBA -  QUỲNH LADY.m4a
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/BIỆT TRI KỶ - Quỳnh Lady.m4a
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Ngân Ngân - 人生觀.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Ngân Ngân - 關山酒.m4a
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Linh Hương Luz - 都是我錯.m4a
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Lê Như - 玉蘭花之戀.m4a
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Bảo Vân - 深淵與蒼穹.m4a
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/黃怡容 - 無常.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Pinky Vanh x NVC - 女孩啊，别哭.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Linh Hương Luz - Mạnh Bà.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Linh Hương Luz - 孟婆.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - Cố Nhân Chờ.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 春天來了.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 冬寒方憶春.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 沒有你的日子我真的好孤單.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 傷離別.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 你是我今生最美的情緣.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 一恋一殇.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 你是我一生中最美的緣分.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 一生與你相隨.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 缘尽情断.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - 紫花舊夢.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Oanh Tạ - LUÂN ĐẠO VÔ HỒI.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/天秀 - 不謂俠.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/寶雲 - 娑婆法.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/泰潔玲 - 喜歡就說.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/鄧寓君(等什麼君)-春不晚.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/浮生夢-星月落.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/一隻白羊-賜我.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/玉慧同學-相思遙.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/京劇‧吳昊-走卒.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/蔣雪兒-風夜行.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/週深&郭沁-大魚.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/边靖婷-探故知.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/旺仔小乔-盗墓笔记·十年人间 (小乔版).webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/平生不晚-難卻.webm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/闻人听書_-一笑江湖.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/陳芯怡 - 青花瓷（粵語版）.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/京剧·吴昊-此去半生.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/平生不晚-壁上观.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/张韶涵-破茧.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/精忠報國.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/威仔&格子兮-我知道你不爱我.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/温奕心-一路生花.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/邓寓君(等什么君)-辞九门回忆.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/海伦-游山恋.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/泽国同学-觉悟.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/陈雅森-下辈子不一定还能遇见你.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/阿悠悠-流年.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/阿悠悠-一生與你擦肩而過.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/阿悠悠-醉仙美.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/陳曉竹-春庭雪.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/陳曉竹 - 站著等你三千年.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/陳曉竹-探清水河.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/艾米爾-我的樓蘭.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/淺影阿 - 放馬川.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/淺影阿-畫離弦.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/魏新雨-傷離別.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/聞人聽書_-煙雨平生.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/聞人聽書_-醉心問月.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/於春洋 - 不謂俠.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/葉裡-南山雪.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/指尖笑-不問ciaga (不問別離).flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/阮明雪 - 黄昏.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/没有你的陪伴,我真的好孤单.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/王 麗 珍 - 不裝飾你的夢.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/王 麗 珍 - 飄雪.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/王 麗 珍 - 天若有情.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/王 麗 珍 - 追梦人.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Ải Hồng Nhan (红颜关) - Dung Hoàng Phạm cover.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Anh Cũng Biết Đau (我也知道痛) - Bảo Vân cover.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Anh yêu em nhiều lắm[我非常爱你]-(vietnam song in 2013).flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/ANH YÊU VỘI THẾ-倉促的愛.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Cắt đôi nỗi sầu將悲傷減半 - Tăng Duy Tân- Translated by Amanda.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Có một người vẫn đợi(有一个人痴痴等着你)- Khánh Phương cover.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Không còn anh nữa[没有你]-(vietnam song in 2013).flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Lý Do Là Vậy 原因就是如此- Hana Cẩm Tiên.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Muốn Em Là (想要你成为)– Keyo.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Ngoài 30 三十岁以外 - Thái Học.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Tái Sinh ( 重生)- Tùng Dương (Tăng Duy Tân x Drum7).flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Thay lòng ( 变心) - Hương Ly cover.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Từ nay em là vợ anh 从今我是你老婆 - Bảo Vân cover.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Vĩnh Thuyên Kim - 海阔天空.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Vở Kịch Của Em 你的戏- Hồ Phong An.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/從夫 - TÒNG PHU  -  Út Nhị cover.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Út Nhị - NHÂN SINH QUÁN.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Út Nhị - LUÂN ĐẠO VÔ HỒI.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/LIGHT IT UP X FLOWERS.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Tết là phải đi về nhà.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Một năm cũ đã qua.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Caag ib daim ntawv tsis sib tsaug.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/苹果香.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7382.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/TaIB31.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/nga.flac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7385400885959985936.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7440090618121292561.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7323507064965122817.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7446013137150610177.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/6502196207984036622.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7439973332763675409.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7442958797227199249.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7426390263402154768.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/6911545181544221441.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/7444438569789311760.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/thoi.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/%E9%80%81%E7%BB%99%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5%E7%9A%84%E4%BD%A0.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/mix_21.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/truc.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Minh Vuong M4U-Em Sẽ Là Cô Dâu.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/mn.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/OANH.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/小虎牙.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Thng.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Ut Nhi.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Hay.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/古风歌曲.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/ktok.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/d.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/dia.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/tok .mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/du.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/CD.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/ng.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/tu.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/ok.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/fyp.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/2024.mp3     
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/mix.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/seamus.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/nvcremix.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/luuthingocmai.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/kimcuonglisa.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/hong.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/saotrucbinhtran.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/yxh.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/tramy.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/xiaodizi.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Top.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/BXH.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/Saka.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/HB.mp3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Thaolga/Rules/main/music/hat.mp3



